el-okta-495857 MyAccount postman collection (#3328)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/myaccount/index.md

All operations in this API implicitly refer to the user making the API call.  No user ID is needed (or even accepted).

## Get started

Explore the MyAccount API:

> > **Note:** You can either use SDK or password grant type to get the end-user access token for running this postman collection.

Author: pending specific SDK from sign-in widget team

> > **Note:** You can either use SDK or password grant type to get the end-user access token for running this postman collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** To run this Postman collection, you need an end-user access token. Use a password grant type or SDK to get the token. See [Embedded Auth with SDKs React](https://github.com/okta/okta-auth-js/tree/master/test/apps/react-oie) for a sample app that provides an access token.
```

Author: done, thanks for the suggested change

* [Verify My Email](#verify-my-email)
* [Poll My Email Challenge](#poll-my-email-challenge)
* [Delete My Email](#delete-my-email)
* [Get My Phone](#get-my-phone)

> * [Get My Phones](#get-my-phones)

Reviewer 2: nit: `Get My Emails` goes before `Get My Email`, should we make it consistent by putting `Get My Phones` before `Get My Phone`? Or update the order for email.

Author: done reordering `Get My Phones` and `Get My Phone`
